today
all those who are fans of the
videogames or at least spend a lot
time on the internet will have been found
at some point with the live trailer
action the legend of zelda you already know that
so great trailer in glue karim of time
with real characters and effects
specials quite well achieved not
it would be a long time before someone
you lower the illusions of without dowries
that this was a joke of the day of the
innocent people who took the idn there by the
2008 but to take away the feeling of
who has played with your feelings
When you had not left on the altar you should
know that this epic trophy involved
More than 20 people a professional team
of filming and many hours of editing and
special effects and you have to do
emphasis on the latter since the
director of the rainford film team
sambol with caixa all these effects in
the computer of your house what in
reality is an inspiration for all
new fans of animation and
special effects if you could do it
with accessible technology in 2008
imagine what you could do in 2015
will be in the description for
give them a look I hope that
put some English and like the fans
of the world have already had to repair their
broken hearts on more than one occasion
from the legend of xinglong in the
street fighter until the movie the
dance action
anyone would think that in this era
a joke would be easily recognizable
although the long expectation about the
higher remake is more initiated by a
fan video proved otherwise now
that a joke is much more credible
when in fact it is not about any
joke and sure they will be thinking of
what is this guy talking about
pass
plus
this thing that we just saw is the pilot
for the production of a movie
animated the legend of zelda the authors
of said court are not other than
artists of the company image imagine the
company that made astroboy the same as
he made the movie in cg and of the turtles
ninja it seems that nobody saw how
in the year 2007 this company made a
animated cut of one minute 37 seconds
of duration to try to convince
nintendo to make an animated movie
inspired by the story of his game more
famous ocarina of time are unknown
details but it seems that the
negotiations came to nothing and the
fourth was confined between infinity
of files dependent on testing and not
had come to light why
nobody knew about it until
relatively little time though
creepy style pasta the chapter
lost of was found by someone
that played between the archives of
supervisor of the year of the adam company
jones but far from being a story of
terror for all this is something really
amazing in it we see a group of
gentlemen in caravan going through a
place similar to that of duval usa and for
escort a maiden and a treasure
but they are intercepted on the way by
some monkeys
and the maid who turns out to be a cell
you have to defend yourself but not alone since
appears in coffee mare
defend it and then see how the
earning more broke several that you have
seen in all your life come on stage the
video ends showing the cell line to
point of fighting against this powerful
enemy and leaving us with a tremendous
javier sada pandey mangonea stuck in
throat
speaking on technical issues the
teaser is pretty well accomplished in its
animation fluency sensation and charge of
epic action medieval and heroic own
of the products enters however
we can see that the models and designs of
the characters are a little different to
what we are used to we could
catalog it as quite American
we could say that the models are a
Polygonal little square with excess
chin maybe the word is
stylized is a characteristic of
American productions that tend to
get away from the organic forms and
natural and look for something more geometric and
easy to create and animate what creates a
contrast a bit strange comparing with
the style that we are used to
even if it was in 2007 and by then
the wind waker had already left and that year
came out the phantom or glass so it seemed
the time of experimentation for the saga
and this was a proposal that stayed in
that a proposal the movie of the
ninja turtles came out that year and it happened
unnoticed and the income generated
by astroboy in 2009 provoked that and
May wrote his room in 2010 and
all these ideas will be buried
waiting for the curious boom of
internet discover only we have left
imagine how this could have been
movie knowing that to make a
movie are always taken many times and
creative taking the jobs more
Relevant made by the company I
I would dare to say that the final product
it would not have been so impressive
as we would like but something that would be worth
It's worth seeing how they think it would have been
the animated movie of zelda you can
behave your ideas theories and
frustrations in the comment box
who removes and someday we can see
our favorite legendary saga in the
screen tier